feat: added packet count telemetry metrics (#2797)
interledger/rafiki: packages/backend/src/payment-method/ilp/connector/core/README.md

We also considered collecting metrics on both the sending and receiving sides, capturing metrics when prepare packets were received by the receiver and when fulfill or reject responses were received by the sender. However, this could lead to unreliable metrics, as telemetry is optional and might not be enabled on all nodes.

### Why We Chose handleIlpData

Given these considerations, we decided to place our packet count and amount metrics in the `handleIlpData` function within the Rafiki Connector Core. This function plays a crucial role in processing ILP packets, handling both outgoing payments and quotes.

The specific metrics we collect here include:

- packet_count_prepare: Counts the prepare packets sent, collected before the middleware routes are executed.
- packet_count_fulfill: Counts the fulfill packets received, collected after receiving a reply from the receiver.
- packet_count_reject: Counts the reject packets received.
- packet_amount_fulfill: Records the amount sent in fulfill packets.

These metrics provide valuable insights, including potential packet loss.

### Challenges with the Current Setup

> While `handleIlpData` is an effective location for telemetry collection, it has some limitations:

Reviewer: I would prefer not having function names in documentation since it becomes outdated quite quickly, I think we can just remove references to it and keep just the general explanation which you have

Author: The reason I've included function names is try and avoid any duplicated work when the next person needs to update this or change the metric location. Is there somewhere better for me to use function names and get really specific outside of the README?

### Why We Collect on the Sending Side

The first decision in collecting this data was whether to do so on the sender's side or the receiver's side. We opted for the sender’s side to maintain consistency across our metrics, particularly for calculating average transaction amounts and times, which are tied to the outgoing payment flow in the Open Payments (OP) layer. By collecting metrics from the same perspective, we ensure alignment with how other metrics (like transaction completion times) are captured.

We also considered collecting metrics on both the sending and receiving sides, capturing metrics when prepare packets were received by the receiver and when fulfill or reject responses were received by the sender. However, this could lead to unreliable metrics, as telemetry is optional and might not be enabled on all nodes.

> ### Why We Chose to collect metrics before and after the sendering node's middlware routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why We Chose to collect metrics before and after the sending node's middleware routes
```

Author: Oops. Clearly got tired.

The specific metrics we collect here include:

- packet_count_prepare: Counts the prepare packets sent, collected before the middleware routes are executed.
- packet_count_fulfill: Counts the fulfill packets received, collected after receiving a reply from the receiver.
- packet_count_reject: Counts the reject packets received.
- packet_amount_fulfill: Records the amount sent in fulfill packets.

These metrics provide valuable insights, including our success and error rates when sending packets over the network.

### Challenges with the Current Setup

Sender-Side Limitation: Currently, metrics are only collected on the sender side. This is adequate for now but does not capture data from connecting nodes, which we plan to address in future implementations when multi-hop support is added.

In a scenario where a sender (node A) wants to send money to the receiver (node C), and this transaction takes place via an intermediray (node B).

sender (node A) --> connector (node B) --> receiver (node C)

> With the cuirrent metric collection location, we only collect packet count and amount infomation from the sender (at node A) and we miss the packets and amounts forwarded by the connecting node (node B). Ideally we'd like to collect information from the sender and the connector nodes once multihop routing has been implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the current metric collection location, we only collect packet count and amount infomation from the sender (at node A) and we miss the packets and amounts forwarded by the connecting node (node B). Ideally we'd like to collect information from the sender and the connector nodes once multihop routing has been implemented.
```
